Adds a how to guide to create coordinate object with custom observer (#7769)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/7769.doc.rst

> Added a new how-to guide :ref:`sunpy-how-to-create-custom-coordinate-objects` demonstrating how to create coordinate objects with a custom observer using `~astropy.coordinates.SkyCoord`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a new how-to guide :ref:`sunpy-how-to-observer-by-coordinate` demonstrating how to create coordinate objects with an observer location specified using `~astropy.coordinates.SkyCoord`.
```
